:sparkles: dockerize mse home (#29)
Cosmian/mse-cli: README.md

- The code provider (who can also consume the result of the MSE application)
- The SGX operator (who also owns the data to run against the MSE application)

> If writting `home` or `cloud` every time upsets you, you can set the `MSE_DEFAULT_ENV` env variable to one of these values and then just omit that word in the future commands. By default, the cli will target this default environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If writing the subcommand part `home` or `cloud` every time upsets you, you can set the `MSE_DEFAULT_ENV` env variable to one of these values and then just omit that word in the future commands. By default, the CLI will target this default environment. For example: `mse cloud test` turns into `mse test`
```

```

then open your browser on: `http://127.0.0.1:8003/`

## Dockerisation

You can build a docker for `mse home` as follow:

```console
$ docker build -t mse-home . 
```

Then run it:

```console
$ # You have to create /mnt/workspace
$ sudo mkdir /mnt/workspace
$ # Scaffold a project
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \

>             --network=host \

Reviewer: is it really needed as everything could happen without any internet connection?

Author: Actually we query localhost... so we need to use `--network=host`

Reviewer: yes later just when we spawn no?

Author: true: not when we scaffold. I tried to write the same args everywhere to avoid the reader missing an arg on a specific command. But I can create lite commands if you prefer when needed

Reviewer: yeah, just add the `--network=host` for spawn only

             --network=host \
             mse-home seal --secrets example/secrets_to_seal.json \
                           --cert ratls.pem \
                           --output  .
$ # Complete the configuration
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
            --network=host \
            mse-home run --sealed-secrets secrets_to_seal.json.sealed test_docker
$ # Query it
$ curl https://localhost:7779 --cacert /mnt/workspace/ratls.pem 
$ # Test it
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \
             mse-home test --test example/tests \
                           --config mse.toml test_docker
$ # Remove it
$ docker run -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \
             mse-home stop --remove test_docker
```

The current directory inside the docker is `/mnt/workspace`. You can retrieve all generated files in your current host in: `/mnt/workspace`. Make sure to create it before all at the exact location `/mnt/workspace` (it will not work if both locations are not aligned).  

> Then you can work with `mse home` without having internet access even to install the CLI. 

Reviewer: maybe move this at the top of `Dockerisation` part as an explanation on why creating a Docker is interesting in offline context?

> Note: the docker does not contain `mse cloud`. It makes no sens since `mse cloud` is designed to be used with Internet. Plus: you need to login through the web browser, which is not possible using the docker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the docker does not contain `mse cloud`. It makes no sense since `mse cloud` is designed to be used with Internet. Plus: you need to login through the web browser, which is not possible using the docker. 
```

             mse-home verify --package package_example_1688025211482089576.tar \
                             --evidence evidence.json \
                             --output .
$ # Seal the secrets
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \
             mse-home seal --secrets example/secrets_to_seal.json \
                           --cert ratls.pem \
                           --output  .
$ # Complete the configuration
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
            --network=host \
            mse-home run --sealed-secrets secrets_to_seal.json.sealed test_docker
$ # Query it
$ curl https://localhost:7779 --cacert /mnt/workspace/ratls.pem 
$ # Test it
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \
             mse-home test --test example/tests \
                           --config mse.toml test_docker
$ # Remove it
$ docker run -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \

>              mse-home stop --remove test_docker

Reviewer: replace all `mse-home` by `mse home`?

Author: this is the name of the docker ;)
